Generative neural models have recently achieved state-of-the-art results for constituency parsing. However, without a feasible search procedure, their use has so far been limited to reranking the output of external parsers in which decoding is more tractable. We describe an alternative to the conventional action-level beam search used for discriminative neural models that enables us to decode directly in these generative models. We then show that by improving our basic candidate selection strategy and using a coarse pruning function, we can improve accuracy while exploring significantly less of the search space. Applied to the model of Choe and Charniak (2016), our inference procedure obtains 92.56 F1 on section 23 of the Penn Treebank, surpassing prior state-of-the-art results for single-model systems.
Evaluating aesthetic value of digital photographs is a challenging task, mainly due to numerous factors that need to be taken into account and subjective manner of this process. In this paper, we propose to approach this problem using deep convolutional neural networks. Using a dataset of over 1.7 million photos collected from Flickr, we train and evaluate a deep learning model whose goal is to classify input images by analysing their aesthetic value. The result of this work is a publicly available Web-based application that can be used in several real-life applications, e.g. to improve the workflow of professional photographers by pre-selecting the best photos.
Visual Teach and Repeat (VT\&R) allows an autonomous vehicle to repeat a previously traversed route without a global positioning system. Existing implementations of VT\&R typically rely on 3D sensors such as stereo cameras for mapping and localization, but many mobile robots are equipped with only 2D monocular vision for tasks such as teleoperated bomb disposal. While simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) algorithms exist that can recover 3D structure and motion from monocular images, the scale ambiguity inherent in these methods complicates the estimation and control of lateral path-tracking error, which is essential for achieving high-accuracy path following. In this paper, we propose a monocular vision pipeline that enables kilometre-scale route repetition with centimetre-level accuracy by approximating the ground surface near the vehicle as planar (with some uncertainty) and recovering absolute scale from the known position and orientation of the camera relative to the vehicle. This system provides added value to many existing robots by allowing for high-accuracy autonomous route repetition with a simple software upgrade and no additional sensors. We validate our system over 4.3 km of autonomous navigation and demonstrate accuracy on par with the conventional stereo pipeline, even in highly non-planar terrain.
We present a method to match three dimensional shapes under non-isometric deformations, topology changes and partiality. We formulate the problem as matching between a set of pair-wise and point-wise descriptors, imposing a continuity prior on the mapping, and propose a projected descent optimization procedure inspired by difference of convex functions (DC) programming. Surprisingly, in spite of the highly non-convex nature of the resulting quadratic assignment problem, our method converges to a semantically meaningful and continuous mapping in most of our experiments, and scales well. We provide preliminary theoretical analysis and several interpretations of the method.
Opinion mining and sentiment analysis in social media is a research issue having a great interest in the scientific community. However, before begin this analysis, we are faced with a set of problems. In particular, the problem of the richness of languages and dialects within these media. To address this problem, we propose in this paper an approach of construction and implementation of Syntactic analyzer named ASDA. This tool represents a parser for the Algerian dialect that label the terms of a given corpus. Thus, we construct a labeling table containing for each term its stem, different prefixes and suffixes, allowing us to determine the different grammatical parts a sort of POS tagging. This labeling will serve us later in the semantic processing of the Algerian dialect, like the automatic translation of this dialect or sentiment analysis